feat(dataflow): Update docs to reflect new dataflow design (#2106)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: src/components/procedure/_semgrep-code-display-tainted-data.mdx

     ![Click View details if Group by Rule is enabled](/img/cloud-platform-findings-group-by-rule-view-details.png#md-width)
   - If **No grouping** view is enabled, click the **header hyperlink** on the card of the finding. In the example on the screenshot below, it is the **tainted-sql-string**.
     ![Click View details if No grouping is enabled](/img/cloud-platform-findings-no-grouping-view-details.png#md-width)

> 1. In the <i class="fa-solid fa-droplet"></i> **Data flow** <i class="fa-regular fa-circle-info"></i> section, you can see the source, traces, and sink of the tainted data. The example below displays the path of tainted data across multiple files because Semgrep Pro Engine was enabled. Clicking on each location will highlight it in the context of the file or link directly to your source code manager (GitHub, GitLab, etc.).

Reviewer: @kmoses228 What does "link directly to your source code manager (GitHub, GitLab, etc.)" mean? I thought it meant that if I clicked on the filename, I would be taken to GH, but that doesn't seem to be the case

Author: Clicking on the file name at the top of the right pane will take you to github. If the customer doesn't have code access enabled, it will show an empty state with just the link to github

> 1. In the <i class="fa-solid fa-droplet"></i> **Data flow** <i class="fa-regular fa-circle-info"></i> section, you can see the source, traces, and sink of the tainted data. The example below displays the path of tainted data across multiple files because Semgrep Pro Engine was enabled. Clicking on each location will highlight it in the context of the file or link directly to your source code manager (GitHub, GitLab, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the <i class="fa-solid fa-droplet"></i> **Data flow** <i class="fa-regular fa-circle-info"></i> section, you can see the source, traces, and sink of the tainted data. The example below displays the path of tainted data across multiple files because Semgrep Pro Engine was enabled. Clicking on each location highlights it in the context of the file, while clicking on the file path redirects you to your source code manager.
```
